---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "typesense_cluster Resource - typesense"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# typesense_cluster (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Cluster with minimun required attributes.
resource "typesense_cluster" "example" {
  memory = "0.5_gb"
  vcpu = "2_vcpus_1_hr_burst_per_day"
  region = "oregon"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `memory` (String) How much RAM this cluster should have. Available options here: https://typesense.org/docs/cloud-management-api/v1/cluster-management.html#memory
- `region` (String) Region where the nodes should be geographically placed. Available options here: https://typesense.org/docs/cloud-management-api/v1/cluster-management.html#regions
- `vcpu` (String) How many CPU cores this cluster should have. Available options here: https://typesense.org/docs/cloud-management-api/v1/cluster-management.html#vcpu

### Optional

- `auto_upgrade_capacity` (Boolean) When set to true, your cluster will be automatically upgraded when best-practice RAM/CPU thresholds are exceeded in a 12-hour rolling window.
- `high_availability` (String) When set to yes, at least 3 nodes are provisioned in 3 different data centers to form a highly available (HA) cluster and your data is automatically replicated between all nodes.
- `high_performance_disk` (String) When set to yes, the provisioned hard disk will be co-located on the same physical server that runs the node.
- `name` (String) A string to identify the cluster for your reference in the Typesense Cloud Web console.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Autogenerated ID assigned by the Typesense engine.
- `load_balancing` (String)
- `search_delivery_network` (String) When not off, nodes are provisioned in different regions and the node that's closest to it's originating location serves the traffic.
- `status` (String) Current status of your cluster.
- `typesense_server_version` (String) Cluster Typesense server version at creation time.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Cluster can be imported by specifying the Typesense Cluster ID.
terraform import typesense_cluster.example [cluster_id]
```
